---
description: FedRAMP compliance guidance for Docker Enterprise Edition
keywords: standards, compliance, security
title: FedRAMP
---

The [Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program
(FedRAMP)](https://www.fedramp.gov/) is a U.S. Federal Government-wide program
that enables a standardized approach to security assessment and authorization.
Federal agencies that choose to leverage cloud services must ensure that they're
utilizing FedRAMP-authorized providers. The security controls required by
FedRAMP and to which cloud providers must adhere are a subset of the controls
documented by NIST Special Publication 800-53. FedRAMP incorporates the NIST
800-53 LOW, MODERATE, and HIGH baselines in its authorization process. When
Federal agencies deploy Docker Enterprise Edition (EE) on top of
FedRAMP-authorized providers like Azure and AWS, per the Federal Information
Security Management Act (FISMA) and agency-specific policies, they must acquire
an Authority to Operate (ATO) for those systems.

It is important to note that Docker, Inc is not a cloud service provider. While
Docker does offer various SaaS-hosted services, which include Docker Hub, Docker
Store and Docker Cloud, these services are *not* FedRAMP
provisionally-authorized by the FedRAMP Joint Authorization Board (JAB) nor
agency-authorized at this point in time. However, Docker Enterprise Edition can
be installed on top of compute services offered by a number of FedRAMP
provisionally-authorized infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) providers. Examples
include Microsoft Azure Government and Amazon Web Services GovCloud. Federal
agencies can subsequently combine their own required security controls with the
controls inherited from both FedRAMP authorized providers and the controls
applicable to Docker Enterprise Edition [documented on our
site](/compliance/nist/800_53) to streamline their ability to get an authority
to operate (ATO) for a complete Docker Enterprise Edition deployment.

To date, multiple Federal agencies have acquired ATOs for Docker EE at both the
MODERATE and HIGH baselines.

Refer to the [FISMA](fisma.md) section for general FISMA guidance as it pertains
to Docker Enterprise Edition. You can also reference the [NIST
800-53](/compliance/nist/800_53/) section for more information on the NIST
800-53 controls that are applicable to Docker Enterprise Edition.
